# exercise 14: Restaurant



-  lists are for sequences of the same type, and tuples are for records that contain different types.
- We can use arbitrary keys to locate our values, rather than using integer indexes, is actually crucial.

- key-value pair: While absolutely anything can be stored in a Python value, only *hashable* types, meaning those on which we can run the `hash` function, can be used as keys.
- This same `hash` function ensures that a dict’s keys are unique, and that searching for a key can be quite fast.
- if you say `d['a'] = 1`, then Python will execute `hash('a')` and use the result to store the key- value pair. And when you ask for the value of `d['a']`, Python can invoke `hash('a')` and immediately check in the indicated memory slot whether the key-value pair is there. Dicts are called *mappings* in the Python world, because the hash function *maps* our key to an integer, which we can then use to store our key-value pairs.
- key-value pairs will be stored (and retrieved) in chronological order
- Python ensures that our keys can’t change.
- `set()`: Closely related to dicts are sets (http://mng.bz/vxlM), which you can think of as dicts without values. Sets are extremely useful when you need to look something up in a large collection. because searching is `O(1)`. and it remove duplicate values from an input list

- One common use for dicts is as a small database within our program. We set up the dict at the top of the program, and then reference it throughout the program. 
- 참고로 in 연산자를 사용하여 키가 딕셔너리에 있는지 항상 확인할 수 있습니다. 이는 True 또는 False를 반환합니다.